(ViVi & HaSeul are moving to next shooting site!)
ViVi : Each Korean city has its own dialect?
(They are talking about Korean dialect)
ViVi : Is Korean language different per region?
HaSeul : There’re some different waves!
HaSeul : from region to region!
ViVi : Did you have a meal?!?!
HaSeul : And words are different, too
HaSeul : Do you know ‘Bab mookna~’
ViVi : What is ‘Bab mookna’?
HaSeul : It means ‘did you have a meal?’
ViVi : Ah~~
HaSeul : The most famous dialect word is..
HaSeul : Koreans call old brother ‘oppa’, right?
But some people say like 'oppa-ya~'
ViVi : Ah~ Busan~
ViVi : like that?
ViVi : How about Seoul?
HaSeul : People living in Seoul is…
HaSeul : They just speak ‘oppa’
HaSeul : But people living in Busan speak like this ‘oppa-ya’...
ViVi : Oppa-ya~
(She feels embarassed…)
ViVi : Yes, hello!
ViVi : Really~~?